Subversion
Study Guide

1 Git vs Svn
What are the differences between git and svn?
GIT is a distributed version control system and SVN is not. Also, Git's branches are different that SVN branches.

2 Commiting to svn
How are commits handled in svn?
The svn commit command transmits your changes to the repository where, if they are accepted, they create the newest versions of all the things you modified. The command is svn commit -m "Message"

3 Checking out svn
How are check outs performed in svn?
By typing command svn checkout <this could be the url or the file location>

4 Bring me my .svn!
How do you create the local working environment with svn (the .svn directory)?
Check out a directory from a repository creates a working copy of that directory on your local machine. Use the svn checkout command to accomplish this.

5 Adding to the chaos
How do you add files to the repository?
You can add files by using svn add <FILE> command and commiting changes with svn commit -m "message"

6 It’s like a tree
How are branches handled in svn?

7 or maybe a forest
How many branches can you have at any given time?

8 Working copy
What does your local copy of a repository look like with svn?

9 Status
How do you check the status of the files you are presently working on?

10 Life of a branch
How long are branches in svn supposed to exist?

11 Taping it together
How do you merge branches?

12 We see a need!
Why was svn created?

13 A day in the life of svn
What is a typical svn workflow?

14 What were they thinking?!
What was the design criteria for svn?

15 Time machine
How do we view the past of a project with svn?

16 Great Scott!
If there was a mistake made in the past of a project, how should we go about
correcting that mistake in svn?

17 The initial upload
If you have an existing project and want to start tracking it with svn, how
do you copy your existing files to the repository the first time? Does this
create the .svn directory in your local folder?

18 Local SVN
Can the client/server setup required with svn exist on the same computer?

19 For the admins
Did SVN provide any difference in tools between how you do server side
commands and client side commands?